hey that's what should we do fridge came
on this week how about this
okay the last New York food crates we
brought you was cronuts
this time the ramen burger straight out
of the brooklyn food vessel with a few
twists of our own and this is how we
make it probably worth clarifying ramen
is the name given to a broth in japan
that uses these kind of noodles now a
more generic term for the noodles
themselves in America were cleared up
just I wanna cut out put them in boiling
water for three minutes after three
minutes drain the noodles and then crack
one egg into a bowl and whisk it
thoroughly
no no I think it's impossible dump in
the noodles and give those a quick toss
together
voila if you've got a burger press use
one if not anything around that you can
line it with cling film no you bring
from home again half of our noodles into
a lined burger shaped pan exactly ha
player but they're all stuck together
been so and they transfer that into the
fridge for 15 minutes to cool okay same
again right stop noodling around let's
make a burger beef mint spring onions
and the seasoning we saved my noodles
sake that soy sauce and sesame
pack it into a burger press or again
anything you've got use the same size as
your ramen bun good clear concise
instructions on been met you'll see what
he's doing is using his fingers to flow
the burger now this is something that
you can choose to do or I like the
traditional way of shaping it in your
hand for this though you would need a
rather large hand is a McMuffin we're
going double with our burgers J like a
Big Mac baby mixed up the burgers need
frying for a couple minutes on either
side whilst these are cooking I just
want to give you a little bit of a taste
of the other flavors that we've been
cooking up this week first off our
chicken and chorizo pie in celebration
of our family favorites ebook chapter a
new guys have asked for homemade bread
so many times that we brought back off
the catcher bread recipe from the
website from last year there's some nice
oils and dips you need this one you need
have a table this week we make
Portuguese egg custard tarts drop a deep
hill one overall to a serious this week
we went from raspberries prowling
truffle Jim Watts bunch and gold leaf
ultimate chocolate cake everybody knows
that a good burger is made up of a bun a
fogger something else and then another
bum then what's off something else well
need something green traditionally in
Brooklyn they're going for arugula or
rocket we're going for bok choy of
course burger relish for Zeus buy
something else except for it will be
doing for that a squeeze of ketchup and
a generous greed of hot sauce
if you stir this in a really small bowl
make some awesome noise once the buns
are crispy on the underside give them a
flip turns out a ramen noodle burger it
needs eggs and cheese we're gonna fry
two eggs and cover some Swiss cheese and
now the construction queue montage all
flat one hell of a burger think we try
and get the egg to the yolk - sir-sir
come on come on come on oh yeah look at
that
oh she's probably one of the best
burgers I've ever had but it's really
weird because it doesn't have a bun that
is really messy to eat though hats off
to chef Jimmy muffled did you say that
right yeah yeah sure I like it when we
do food crisis we did cronuts we've done
ramen noodles burgers but what should we
be doing next let us know
[Music]
we like to stay on trend so thanks for
that
and we only did it because you shouted
at us literally shows hey look at this
what Pat Wow
yeah this is a block of top with
cinnamon it's by a girl called Izzy who
we met who came down to our studio it's
like blinking really really quickly it
she does loads of stop-motion stuff
she's an incredible cook her recipes are
incredible so we wanted to tell you guys
about her because she's worth we have
fallen in love of her stuff look at it
he's absolutely incredible okay so that
looks like it's about it have a lovely
week yeah
wait a minute Mike how was your weekend
it was really good last weekend I thanks
for all of you who came to summer in the
city and said hi we had a really great
time and we met some of you and you're
as mental as we are yeah you run there
because you had I did not have that diet
is a family thing thanks for able to get
well wishes for bad
[Music]
crush
no that doesn't take long in that top
show